---
title: Nov 15th, 2020
---

## 今天还是决定不用[[葫芦笔记]]了，暂时使用[[logseq]]；
## 实验
### About
Hi, welcome to Logseq.

Logseq is a local-only, non-linear, outliner notebook for organizing and
sharing your personal knowledge base.

Use it to organize your todo list, to write your journals, or to record your unique
life.

The server will never store or analyze your private notes. Your data are
plain text files, we support both Markdown and Emacs Org mode for the time being. Even if the website is down or can't be maintained, your data is always yours.

Logseq is hugely inspired by Roam Research, Org Mode, Tiddlywiki and Workflowy, hats off to all of them!


Where are my notes saved?
Your notes will be stored in the local browser storage. We are using IndexedDB.


How do I use it?
1. Sync between multiple devices
Currently, we only support syncing through Github, more options (e.g.
Gitlab, Dropbox, Google Drive, WebDAV, etc.) will be added soon.

We are using an excellent web git client called isomorphic-git.


Step 1
Click the button Login with Github.


Step 2
Set your Github personal access token, the token will be encrypted and
stored in the browser local storage, our server will never store it.

If you know nothing about either Git or the personal access token, no worries,
just follow the steps here: https://logseq.com/blog/faq#How_to_create_a_Github_personal_access_token-3f-

Step 3
Start writing!


2. Use it locally (no need to login)
Just remember to backup your notes periodically (we'll provide export and import soon)!


Features
Backlinks between [[Page]]s

Block embed

Page embed

Graph visualization

Heading properties

Datalog queries, the notes db is powered by Datascript

Custom view component

Document built-in supports:

Code highlights

Katex latex

Raw hiccup

Raw html

Learn more
Twitter: https://twitter.com/logseq

Discord: https://discord.gg/KpN4eHY where we ask questions and share tips

Website: https://logseq.com/

Github: https://github.com/logseq/logseq everyone is encouraged to report issues!

Our blog: https://logseq.com/blog

Credits to
Roam Research

Org Mode

Tiddlywiki

Workflowy

Clojure && Clojurescript

OCaml && Angstrom, the document parser is built on Angstrom.

Cuekeeper - Browser-based GTD (TODO list) system.

Datascript - Immutable database and Datalog query engine for Clojure, ClojureScript and JS

sci - Small Clojure Interpreter

isomorphic-git

Sep 05, 2020

Logseq
A local-first knowledge base which can sync using Github.

Twitter: @logseq
Github: @logseq
 Subscribe
##
